README.md, before:

# RLBotRlGymPythonExample

Example of an RLGym bot using the RLBot framework

Wiki: [VirxEC/python-interface/wiki](https://github.com/VirxEC/python-interface/wiki)

## Quick Start

1. Install Python 3.11 or later.
   - `pip install -r requirements.txt`
1. Download `RLBotServer.exe` and place it in the root directory.
   - <https://github.com/RLBot/core>
   - **_Maybe you have to get an older version, but it should be updated up to 2 days after_**
1. Start a match with `python run.py`.



## Changing the bot

- Put the POLICY.pt directly into src/ folder.
- Modify the action parser and obs to match yours. Use rlgym_compat to make it compatible.
- Modify rlbot.toml to modify the match.

## Recomendations

- Try doing a `deterministic = True` bot vs the `deterministic = False` to know if your bot is better as deterministic. Deafult is False.
- Don't use multiple balls unless your obs supports it. This also means don't join if bot doesn't suport more players, it'll crash and the bot won't move.
- If the custom param loading to simplify things doesn't work, manually set the values.

Commit message:

Update to newest v5 (beta 0.7.X) version and clean up

README.md, after:

# RLBotRlGymPythonExample

Example of an RLGym bot using the RLBot framework

Wiki: [RLBot/python-interface/wiki](https://github.com/RLBot/python-interface/wiki)

## Setup your RLGym bot

1. Install Python 3.11 or later.
   - Optionally: Create a virtual environment.
1. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
1. Put your `POLICY.pt` directly into `src/` folder.
1. Modify the action parser in `act.py` and obs in `obs.py` to match yours.
   - Use the types from [rlgym_compat](https://github.com/JPK314/rlgym-compat) to make it compatible.
   - Update `bot.py` to import and use your act and obs with the right settings.
1. In case you are using a continous actions you also need to replace `DiscreteFF` from `discrete.py` with [ContinuousPolicy](https://github.com/AechPro/rlgym-ppo/blob/main/rlgym_ppo/ppo/continuous_policy.py).
1. Optionally: Update `src/bot.toml`
   - Here you can update the name of the bot and more.
   - If you are using a virtual environment, make sure to update the `run_command` to `..\\venv\\Scripts\\python.exe bot.py`.
   - If you update the `agent_id`, make sure it matches the id found in `src/bot.py`.

## Running your bot in RLBot

1. Download RLBot5 from www.rlbot.org.
1. Run RLBot5 Launcher from the Windows start menu.
1. In the RLBot GUI, click the "Add" button top left and add your `src/bot.toml` in the file picker.
1. Put your bot on a team and click "Start Match".

## Recomendations

- Try doing a `deterministic = True` bot vs the `deterministic = False` to know if your bot is better as deterministic. Default is False.
- Don't use multiple balls unless your obs supports it. This also means don't join if bot doesn't suport more players, it'll crash and the bot won't move.
- If the custom param loading to simplify things doesn't work, manually set the values.
